"And your jailers, would they deliver a message from him?"
"Not one word, directly or indirectly," said the warden. "You may rest assured of that. They will
report anything he might say or turn over to me anything he might give them."
"That seems entirely satisfactory," said Mr. Fielding, who was frankly interested in the problem.
"Of course, in the event he fails," said Dr. Ransome, "and asks for his liberty, you understand you
are to set him free?"
"I understand," replied the warden.
The Thinking Machine stood listening, but had nothing to say until this was all ended, then:
"I should like to make three small requests. You may grant them or not, as you wish."
"No special favours, now," warned Mr. Fielding.
"I am asking none," was the stiff response. "I would like to have some tooth powder—buy it
yourself to see that it is tooth powder—and I should like to have one five-dollar and two ten-dollar
bills."
Dr. Ransome, Mr. Fielding and the warden exchanged astonished glances. They were not surprised
at the request for tooth powder, but were at the request for money.
"Is there any man with whom our friend would come in contact that he could bribe with
twenty-five dollars?" asked Dr. Ransome of the warden.
"Not for twenty-five hundred dollars," was the positive reply.
"Well, let him have them," said Mr. Fielding. "I think they are harmless enough."
"And what is the third request?" asked Dr. Ransome.
"I should like to have my shoes polished."
Again the astonished glances were exchanged. This last request was the height of absurdity, so they
agreed to it. These things all being attended to, The Thinking Machine was led back into the prison
from which he had undertaken to escape.
"Here is Cell 13," said the warden, stopping three doors down the steel corridor. "This is where we
keep condemned murderers. No one can leave it without my permission; and no one in it can
communicate with the outside. I’ll stake my reputation on that. It’s only three doors back of my
office and I can readily hear any unusual noise."
"Will this cell do, gentlemen?" asked The Thinking Machine. There was a touch of irony in his
voice.
"Admirably," was the reply.
